README.md, before:

# Connecta

Websocket server on top of uws to easily connect WebRTC Peers

<b>What it can do:</b>
- designed for realtime games, backed by webrtc for low latency and minimum server load on heavy traffic apps
- Room System (create/delete) rooms
- Connects every WebRTC peer joined in same room automatically
- WebRTC failover, if client doesn't support webRTC or has problems connecting any of the peers than server will act as message broker
- autoreconnect

<b>Whats updated in 0.2.7:</b>
- fixed join room bugs
- fixed bytearray length bug
- added shortcut methods in ConnectaRoom
- added post requests on active server

<b>Whats updated in 0.2.6:</b>
- fixed ssl incorrect key param assign
- added bytearray messaging as for webrtc and as webrtc failover 
  - you optionally can pass array type enum argument when creating room but default is Int16Array
  - you should create bytearray with connectaInstance.createArray(arraylength) after joining room
- added base64 event encoding
- removed experimental horizontal scaling, will be added in future versions as independent project

<b>Experimental horizontal scaling removed in 0.2.5</b>


<b>Example for creating and joining room, Server</b>
```
const Connecta = require('connecta');

var connecta = new Connecta.ConnectaServer(8038);

connecta.createRoom("testRoom",true,false,true,true,false);

connecta.addListener('connected',function(client)
{
    connecta.addClientToRoom(client.id,"testRoom");
});


```

<b>Example for creating and joining room, Client</b>
```
var stunServers   = ['stun.services.mozilla.com','stun.l.google.com:19302'];
var reconnectTime = 3;
var host          = 'ws://localhost:8038';

connecta = new Connecta(host,reconnectTime,stunServers);

connecta.addEventListener('connected' ,function(e)
{
	console.log("CONNECTED",e);
});

connecta.addEventListener('joinedRoom',function(e)
{
	console.log("JOINED",e);
});
```

for more detailed example see: <a href='https://github.com/AlphaReplica/Connecta-Simple-Example'>Simple Chat Example</a>

Commit message:

Updated readme and package version

README.md, after:

# Connecta

Websocket server on top of uws to easily connect WebRTC Peers

<b>What it can do:</b>
- designed for realtime games, backed by webrtc for low latency and minimum server load on heavy traffic apps
- Room System (create/delete) rooms
- Connects every WebRTC peer joined in same room automatically
- WebRTC failover, if client doesn't support webRTC or has problems connecting any of the peers than server will act as message broker
- autoreconnect

<b>Whats updated in 0.2.8:</b>
- Added OnJoined and onLeft Callbacks in Room

<b>Whats updated in 0.2.7:</b>
- fixed join room bugs
- fixed bytearray length bug
- added shortcut methods in ConnectaRoom
- added post requests on active server

<b>Whats updated in 0.2.6:</b>
- fixed ssl incorrect key param assign
- added bytearray messaging as for webrtc and as webrtc failover 
  - you optionally can pass array type enum argument when creating room but default is Int16Array
  - you should create bytearray with connectaInstance.createArray(arraylength) after joining room
- added base64 event encoding
- removed experimental horizontal scaling, will be added in future versions as independent project

<b>Experimental horizontal scaling removed in 0.2.5</b>


<b>Example for creating and joining room, Server</b>
```
const Connecta = require('connecta');

var connecta = new Connecta.ConnectaServer(8038);

connecta.createRoom("testRoom",true,false,true,true,false);

connecta.addListener('connected',function(client)
{
    connecta.addClientToRoom(client.id,"testRoom");
});


```

<b>Example for creating and joining room, Client</b>
```
var stunServers   = ['stun.services.mozilla.com','stun.l.google.com:19302'];
var reconnectTime = 3;
var host          = 'ws://localhost:8038';

connecta = new Connecta(host,reconnectTime,stunServers);

connecta.addEventListener('connected' ,function(e)
{
	console.log("CONNECTED",e);
});

connecta.addEventListener('joinedRoom',function(e)
{
	console.log("JOINED",e);
});
```

for more detailed example see: <a href='https://github.com/AlphaReplica/Connecta-Simple-Example'>Simple Chat Example</a>
